Add transport agents articles to 2016/19 content (#2292)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/mail-flow/transport-agents/manage-transport-agents.md

- You need to be assigned permissions before you can perform this procedure or procedures. To see what permissions you need, see the "Transport agents" entry in the [Mail flow permissions](../../permissions/feature-permissions/mail-flow-permissions.md) topic.

- You can only use the Exchange Management Shell to perform this procedure.

- For information about keyboard shortcuts that may apply to the procedures in this topic, see [Keyboard shortcuts in the Exchange admin center](../../about-documentation/exchange-admin-center-keyboard-shortcuts.md).

> [!TIP]
> Having problems? Ask for help in the Exchange forums. Visit the forums at: [Exchange Server](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/forums/office/home?category=exchangeserver).

## Use the Exchange Management Shell to install a transport agent

When you install a transport agent, Exchange only registers the DLLs associated with the transport agent. You need to make sure all files, registry keys, and other objects that the transport agent depends on are installed correctly and configured. After Exchange loads the DLLs, it continues to reference the DLLs after the command has completed.

> Transport agents have full access to all e-mail messages that they encounter. Exchange puts no restrictions on a transport agent's behavior. Transport agents that are unstable or contain security flaws may affect the stability and security of Exchange. Therefore, you should only install transport agents that you fully trust and that have been fully tested in a test environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transport agents have full access to all email messages that they encounter. Exchange puts no restrictions on a transport agent's behavior. Transport agents that are unstable or contain security flaws may affect the stability and security of Exchange. Therefore, you should only install transport agents that you fully trust and that have been fully tested in a test environment.
```

Reviewer: Edit in accordance with the Microsoft Style Guide.

Author: I think it's the same but let's commit it.

## Use the Exchange Management Shell to disable a transport agent

Use the following syntax to disable a transport agent:

```powershell
Disable-TransportAgent <TransportAgentIdentity>
```

This example disables the transport agent named Fabrikam Transport Agent in the Transport service.

```powershell
Disable-TransportAgent "Fabrikam Transport Agent"
```

## How do you know this worked?

To verify that you have successfully disabled a transport agent, run the command `Get-TransportAgent | Format-List Name,Enabled` and confirm the transport agent is disabled.

## Use the Exchange Management Shell to view transport agents

To view a summary list of transport agents, run the following command:

```powershell
Get-TransportAgent
```

To view the detailed configuration of a specific transport agent, run the following command:

```powershell
Get-TransportAgent <TransportAgentIdentity> | Format-List
```

This example provides a detailed configuration of the transport agent named Transport Rule Agent.

```powershell
Get-TransportAgent "Transport Rule Agent" | Format-List
```

## Use the Exchange Management Shell to configure the priority of a transport agent

> Transport agents with a priority closest to 0 process e-mail messages first. However, the SMTP event in the transport pipeline where the transport agent is registered may cause a lower priority agent to act on the message before a higher priority agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transport agents with a priority closest to 0 process email messages first. However, the SMTP event in the transport pipeline where the transport agent is registered may cause a lower priority agent to act on the message before a higher priority agent.
```
